real sets practical effects you've been
here but you don't know this story
nothing's changed really I mean
everything's changed but nothing's
changed that's the way you want it to be
really
to sing the way the technology has
evolved and yet keeping one foot in the
pre-digital world it couldn't be more
exciting it's still surreal we are here
on day one of Star Wars Episode 7 yeah
yeah how incredible here I can die now
all right my whole life has led to this
moment I'm in heaven
I think we've warned the suit out
probably quicker than we expected
because every time you meet someone they
just want to hug you get back to the old
days the old ways of doing things JJ is
trying to make sure these movies have a
physicality to them we truly are out in
a desert a real desert star wars I
burned the stour and I'm just gonna
bring this character tonight you don't
get to build an x-wing every day or a
millennium falcon every day I come to
work smiling you have to pause take a
breath slow down and really look freaked
out
I was in the same room as all these
legends and with all these new people
who are pure want to be legends
themselves you know it's being done with
such love and such enthusiasm from
everybody and I think that you'll be
able to feel that coming off the screen
it means so much as so many people you
just know what's gonna be like in the
cinema slaw was just an important part
of everyone's history it's a beautiful
thing to actually be involved in it
you